Wow, it looks great.
Sister, this one is so beautiful.
Good, try it.
Oops, what's wrong?
Just pick your own wedding dress
I can dress casually
No, my parents left early
I was raised by you
If you hadn't worked so hard for me to study
Where am I today
So when I get married, you must dress beautifully
Right, Yuan Kai?
Stinky cleaners smell poor and sour in everything they wear
Qian Ruo
You try first
My leader is looking for me.
Does my sister look good?
Come on.
I wear this
Can it work? It looks good
Super suitable
Open your shoulders.
waist straight
Sister, didn't you teach me from a young age?
Although we are poor
But don't steal or rob
justifiably
What are you doing